Add 17.2 release notes (#11669)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### Chef InSpec 4.37

We've updated Chef InSpec from 4.36.4 to 4.37.8:

#### New Features

- The new `inspec automate` command replaces the `inspec compliance` command, which is now deprecated.
- Added support for `zfs_pool` and `zfs_dataset` resources on Linux.
- Improved `port` resource performance: adding more specific search while using `ss` command.
- Updated the `inspec init plugin` command with the following changes:
  - The values of flags passed to the `inspec init plugin` command are now wrapped in double quotes instead of single quotes.
  - Template files are now ERB files.
  - The `activator` flag replaces the `hook` flag, which is now an alias.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an error when using profile dependencies and require_controls.
- Fixed the `windows_firewall_rule` resource when it failed to validate more than one rule.
- The `http` resource response body is now coerced into UTF-8.
- Modified the `windows_feature` resource to indicate if a feature is enabled rather than just available.
- `file` resource `more_permissive_than` matcher returns nil instead of throwing an exception when the file does not exist.
- `inspec detect --no-color` now returns color-free output.

> ### Slow Resource Report

Author: Any suggestions for how to do it. InSpec is a component of the overall infra package so we do need to call out what's InSpec specific that's been improved, but overall the whole thing is Infra

> ### Slow Resource Report

Author: I syned this up with how we described it in 17.1. Instead of focusing specifically on the tool we're talking more about the compliance phase.

#### Example Output

```text
Starting Chef Infra Client, version 17.2.12
Patents: https://www.chef.io/patents
resolving cookbooks for run list: ["test"]
Synchronizing Cookbooks:
  - test (0.0.1)
Installing Cookbook Gems:
Compiling Cookbooks...
Converging 1 resources
Recipe: test::default
  * file[/tmp/foo.xzy] action create (up to date)

Running handlers:

Top 1 slowest resource:

resource           elapsed_time cookbook recipe  source
------------------ ------------ -------- ------- ----------------------------------------
file[/tmp/foo.xzy] 0.015114     test     default test/recipes/default.rb:2:in `from_file'

  - Chef::Handler::SlowReport
Running handlers complete
Chef Infra Client finished, 0/1 resources updated in 03 seconds
```

Add a slow resources report to chef-client - https://github.com/chef/chef/pull/11642

### Improved YAML Recipe Support

> Chef Infra Client now supports YAML recipes that end in `.yaml` in addition to those ending in `.yml`. If a `.yml` and `.yaml` recipe of the same name is present Chef Infra Client will now fail as there is no way to determine which recipe should be loaded in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Client now supports both `.yaml` and `.yml` file extensions for recipes. If a `.yml` and `.yaml` recipe of the same name is present, Chef Infra Client will now fail as there is no way to determine which recipe should be loaded in this case.
```

#### Improved Reporting to Automate

> Chef Infra Client run reporting to Automate now respects attribute `allowlist` and `denylist` configurations set in the `client.rb` configuration. This change allows users to limit the data sent to their Automate servers to prevent indexing sensitive data, or to reduce the necessary storage space on the Automate server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Client run reporting to Automate now respects attribute `allowlist` and `denylist` configurations set in the `client.rb`. This change allows users to limit the data sent to their Automate servers to prevent indexing sensitive data or to reduce the necessary storage space on the Automate server.
```

### Updated Resources

#### homebrew_path

> The `homebrew_path` now passed the `homebrew_path` when creating or deleting taps. This change prevents failures when running homebrew in a non-standard location or on a M1 system. Thanks [@mattlqx](https://github.com/mattlqx)!

Reviewer: I don't know what "The `homebrew_path` now passed the `homebrew_path`" means

Author: Fixed

#### hostname

> The `hostname` resource now sets the hostname on Windows systems using native PowerShell calls for increased reliability and allows changing the hostname on domain-attached systems. To change the hostname on a domain-attached system pass a domain administrator account using the new `domain_user` and `domain_password` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hostname` resource now sets the hostname on Windows systems using native PowerShell calls for increased reliability and allows changing the hostname on domain-attached systems. To change the hostname on a domain-attached system, pass a domain administrator account using the new `domain_user` and `domain_password` properties.
```

#### openssl_x509_certificate

The `openssl_x509_certificate` no longer marks the creation of the X509 certificate file as sensitive since this makes troubleshooting difficult and this content is not sensitive. Thanks [@jasonwbarnett](https://github.com/jasonwbarnett)!

#### windows_firewall_rule

The `windows_firewall_rule` resource now allows specifying multiple IP addresses in the `remote_address` property.

#### windows_pagefile

> The `windows_pagefile` resource features improved performance and support for the latest releases of Windows 10. The behavior of the resource has also been improved to make managing pagefiles more predictable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `windows_pagefile` resource features improved performance and support for the latest releases of Windows 10. These improvements also make managing pagefiles more predictable:
```

> The `path` property now accepts a drive letter where the pagefile should be stored in addition to the full path the pagefile on disk. For example `C`, `C:`, or `C:\` can now be used to specify a pagefile stored at `C:\pagefile.sys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `path` property now accepts a drive letter in addition to the full path of the pagefile on disk. For example, `C`, `C:`, or `C:\` can now be used to specify a pagefile stored at `C:\pagefile.sys`.
```

> Creating a new pagefile will no longer disable the system managed pagefile by default. If you wish to create a pagefile while also disabled the system managed pagefile set `system_managed false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a new pagefile no longer disables the system-managed pagefile by default. If you wish to create a pagefile while also disabling the system-managed pagefile, set `system_managed false`.
```

#### windows_printer

The `windows_printer` resource includes improved logging when adding or removing printers.

#### windows_printer_port

> The `windows_printer_port` resource has been refactored with several improvements:

Reviewer: Some of these sentences would read "improvements improved", so I changed the wording.

> - Improved performance when adding and removing ports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better performance when adding and removing ports.
```

> - The ability to update existing ports with new values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports updating existing ports with new values.
```

> - Improved logging of changes made to ports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clearer logging of changes made to ports.
```

> - Deprecated the `description` property, which was not actually setting a description on the ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated the `description` property, which does not set a description on the ports.
```

Reviewer: Either punctuate the entire list or none of it. This list could go either way.

#### windows_security_policy

> The `windows_security_policy` resource now limits the value of `ResetLockoutCount` to any value less than that of `LockoutDuration` rather than limiting it to 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `windows_security_policy` resource now limits the value of `ResetLockoutCount` to any value less than `LockoutDuration` rather than limiting it to 30 minutes.
```
